Update AGENTS.md to reflect split config file layout (#3169)
Automattic/studio: AGENTS.md

**Files**: React components (PascalCase), utils (camelCase), tests (.test.ts/.tsx)
**IPC Handlers** (`apps/studio/src/ipc-handlers.ts`): **MUST** `export async function handlerName(event, ...args): Promise<ReturnType>` | Handler names in `apps/studio/src/constants.ts` | All handlers MUST be async and return Promises

> **Storage**: **CRITICAL** - Always use file locking when writing config. Each config file has its own lockfile and helpers: `lockAppdata()` / `unlockAppdata()` for `app.json` (`apps/studio/src/storage/user-data.ts`), `lockCliConfig()` / `unlockCliConfig()` for `cli.json` (`apps/cli/lib/cli-config/core.ts`), and `lockSharedConfig()` / `unlockSharedConfig()` for `shared.json` (`tools/common/lib/shared-config.ts`).

Reviewer: Looks good 👍

**CRITICAL - WordPress Core Files**: Do NOT edit WordPress core files within site directories. Studio uses WordPress Playground (PHP WASM), and core modifications won't persist or function correctly.

> **CRITICAL - Config File Locking**: Each of the three config files has its own lockfile and helper pair — wrap writes accordingly. Use `lockAppdata()` / `unlockAppdata()` for `app.json`, `lockCliConfig()` / `unlockCliConfig()` for `cli.json`, and `lockSharedConfig()` / `unlockSharedConfig()` for `shared.json`. Concurrent unlocked writes will corrupt the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CRITICAL - Config File Locking**: Each config file has its own lockfile and helper pair — ensure that any write operation uses the correct pair for that specific file. Use `lockAppdata()` / `unlockAppdata()` for `app.json`, `lockCliConfig()` / `unlockCliConfig()` for `cli.json`, and `lockSharedConfig()` / `unlockSharedConfig()` for `shared.json`. Concurrent unlocked writes will corrupt the file.
```

Just adding a small clarification for wording
